README.md, before:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84346969/152093881-697c35a1-972d-4c6a-afa8-d8cf8c326c21.png)

# Jumper
Jumper is a game in which the player seeks to solve a puzzle by guessing the letters of a secret word one at a time. 

## Getting Started
---
Run the program from an IDE like Visual Studio Code. Start your IDE and open the main.py file. Click the "run" button.
---

## Project Structure
---
The project files are organized as follows:
```

+-- wordHandler.py              (class that handles words)
+-- main.py       (program entry point)
+-- README.md           (general info)
```

## Required Technologies
---
* Python 3.8.0

## Authors
---
* Michelle Caceres Assignment- Make Repository, Make sure main functions well once everyone has made their classes
* Emily Castillo Sandoval Assignment - Create class to handle win/lose condition
* Aaron Eardley  Assignment - Create class to display jumper
* MyeongSeon Lee Assignment - Create class for catching wrong input for "guess letter"
* Andrés Perez Assignment - Create class to handle secret word
* Andres Rodas Cassagne Assignment - Create class for giving a clue

Commit message:

add director, edit main, add jumper

README.md, after:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84346969/152093881-697c35a1-972d-4c6a-afa8-d8cf8c326c21.png)

# Jumper

Jumper is a game in which the player seeks to solve a puzzle by guessing the letters of a secret word one at a time.

## Getting Started

---

## Run the program from an IDE like Visual Studio Code. Start your IDE and open the main.py file. Click the "run" button.

## Project Structure

---

The project files are organized as follows:

```

+-- wordHandler.py              (class that handles words)
+-- main.py       (program entry point, run this to play)
+-- director.py (imports all the other classes and directs the flow of the game)
+-- README.md           (general info)
+-- jumper.py (class that draws jumper)
```

## Required Technologies

---

- Python 3.8.0

## Authors

---

- Michelle Caceres Assignment- Make Repository, Make sure main functions well once everyone has made their classes
- Emily Castillo Sandoval Assignment - Create class to handle win/lose condition
- Aaron Eardley Assignment - Create class to display jumper
- MyeongSeon Lee Assignment - Create class for catching wrong input for "guess letter"
- Andrés Perez Assignment - Create class to handle secret word
- Andres Rodas Cassagne Assignment - Create class for giving a clue
